# BLS12381 Package Documentation

This package provides functions to perform arithmetic operations on the BLS12-381 finite field.

## Types

### fp12

```go
type fp12 struct {
	fp12temp
	fp6 *fp6
}
```

fp12 represents an element of the BLS12-381 finite field.

### fp12temp

```go
type fp12temp struct {
	t2  [9]*fe2
	t6  [5]*fe6
	t12 *fe12
}
```

fp12temp is a temporary struct used to store intermediate values during arithmetic operations on fp12 elements.

## Functions

### newFp12

```go
func newFp12(fp6 *fp6) *fp12
```

newFp12 creates a new fp12 element with the given fp6 element.

### (e *fp12) fromBytes

```go
func (e *fp12) fromBytes(in []byte) (*fe12, error)
```

fromBytes converts a byte slice to an fp12 element. It returns an error if the input slice is not of the correct length.

### (e *fp12) toBytes

```go
func (e *fp12) toBytes(a *fe12) []byte
```

toBytes converts an fp12 element to a byte slice.

### (e *fp12) new

```go
func (e *fp12) new() *fe12
```

new creates a new fe12 element.

### (e *fp12) zero

```go
func (e *fp12) zero() *fe12
```

zero returns a new fe12 element with all its coefficients set to zero.

### (e *fp12) one

```go
func (e *fp12) one() *fe12
```

one returns a new fe12 element with all its coefficients set to one.

### (e *fp12) add

```go
func (e *fp12) add(c, a, b *fe12)
```

add adds two fp12 elements and stores the result in a third element.

### (e *fp12) double

```go
func (e *fp12) double(c, a *fe12)
```

double doubles an fp12 element and stores the result in another element.

### (e *fp12) sub

```go
func (e *fp12) sub(c, a, b *fe12)
```

sub subtracts two fp12 elements and stores the result in a third element.

### (e *fp12) neg

```go
func (e *fp12) neg(c, a *fe12)
```

neg negates an fp12 element and stores the result in another element.

### (e *fp12) conjugate

```go
func (e *fp12) conjugate(c, a *fe12)
```

conjugate computes the conjugate of an fp12 element and # FP12 Package Documentation

This package provides functions to perform arithmetic operations on elements of the finite field of order p^12, where p is a prime number.

## Functions

### mul

```go
func (e *fp12) mul(c, a, b *fe12)
```

mul multiplies two elements of the finite field of order p^12 and stores the result in c. It takes the following parameters:

- `c`: the element where the result of the multiplication will be stored.
- `a`: the first element to be multiplied.
- `b`: the second element to be multiplied.

### mulAssign

```go
func (e *fp12) mulAssign(a, b *fe12)
```

mulAssign multiplies two elements of the finite field of order p^12 and stores the result in the first element. It takes the following parameters:

- `a`: the first element to be multiplied and where the result will be stored.
- `b`: the second element to be multiplied.

### fp4Square

```go
func (e *fp12) fp4Square(c0, c1, a0, a1 *fe2)
```

fp4Square computes the square of an element of the finite field of order p^4 and stores the result in two elements of the finite field of order p^2. It takes the following parameters:

- `c0`: the first element where the result of the square will be stored.
- `c1`: the second element where the result of the square will be stored.
- `a0`: the first element to be squared.
- `a1`: the second element to be squared.

### inverse

```go
func (e *fp12) inverse(c, a *fe12)
```

inverse computes the inverse of an element of the finite field of order p^12 and stores the result in c. It takes the following parameters:

- `c`: the element where the inverse will be stored.
- `a`: the element to be inverted.

### mulBy014Assign

```go
func (e *fp12) mulBy014Assign(a *fe12, c0, c1, c4 *fe2)
```

mulBy014Assign multiplies an element of the finite field of order p^12 by three elements of the finite field of order p^2 and stores the result in the first element. It takes the following parameters:

- `a`: the element to be multiplied and where the result will be stored.
- `c0`: the first element to be multiplied.
- `c1`: the second element to be multiplied.
- `c4`: the third element to be multiplied.

### exp

```go
func (e *fp12) exp(c, a *fe12, s *big.Int)
```

exp computes the exponentiation of an element of the finite field of order p^12 and stores the result in c. It takes the following parameters:

- `c`: the element where the result of the exponentiation will be stored.
- `a`: the element to be exponentiated.
- `s`: the exponent.

### cyclotomicExp

```go
func (e *fp12) cyclotomicExp(c, a *fe12, s *big.Int)
```

cyclotomicExp computes the cyclotomic exponentiation of an element of the finite field of order p^12 and stores the result in c. It takes the following parameters:

- `c`: the element where the result of the cyclotomic exponentiation will be stored.
- `a`: the element to be cyclotomically exponentiated.
- `s`: the exponent.

### frobeniusMap

```go
func (e *fp12) frobeniusMap(c, a *fe12, power uint)
```

frobeniusMap applies the Frobenius map to an element of the finite field of order p^12 and stores the result in c. It takes the following parameters:

- `c`: the element where the result of the Frobenius map will be stored.
- `a`: the element to which the Frobenius map will be applied.
- `power`: the power of the Frobenius map.

### frobeniusMapAssign

```go
func (e *fp12) frobeniusMapAssign(a *fe12, power uint)
```

frobeniusMapAssign applies the Frobenius map to an element of the finite field of order p^12 and stores the result in the same element. It takes the following parameters:

- `a`: the element to which the Frobenius map will be applied.
-