# BLS12381 Package Documentation

This package provides functions to work with the BLS12-381 elliptic curve.

## Types

### PointG1

```go
type PointG1 [3]fe
```

PointG1 is a type for a point in G1. PointG1 is used for both Affine and Jacobian point representation. If z is equal to one, the point is considered in affine form.

### tempG1

```go
type tempG1 struct {
	t [9]*fe
}
```

tempG1 is a type for a temporary G1 instance.

### G1

```go
type G1 struct {
	tempG1
}
```

G1 is a struct for the G1 group.

## Functions

### NewG1

```go
func NewG1() *G1
```

NewG1 constructs a new G1 instance.

### (g *G1) Q

```go
func (g *G1) Q() *big.Int
```

Q returns the group order in big.Int.

### (g *G1) fromBytesUnchecked

```go
func (g *G1) fromBytesUnchecked(in []byte) (*PointG1, error)
```

fromBytesUnchecked constructs a new point given uncompressed byte input. fromBytesUnchecked does not take zcash flags into account. Byte input is expected to be larger than 96 bytes. The first 96 bytes should be the concatenation of x and y values. Point (0, 0) is considered as infinity.

### (g *G1) FromBytes

```go
func (g *G1) FromBytes(in []byte) (*PointG1, error)
```

FromBytes constructs a new point given uncompressed byte input. FromBytes does not take zcash flags into account. Byte input is expected to be larger than 96 bytes. The first 96 bytes should be the concatenation of x and y values. Point (0, 0) is considered as infinity.

### (g *G1) DecodePoint

```go
func (g *G1) DecodePoint(in []byte) (*PointG1, error)
```

DecodePoint given encoded (x, y) coordinates in 128 bytes returns a valid G1 Point.

### (g *G1) ToBytes

```go
func (g *G1) ToBytes(p *PointG1) []byte
```

ToBytes serializes a point into bytes in uncompressed form. ToBytes does not take zcash flags into account. ToBytes returns (0, 0) if the point is infinity.

### (g *G1) EncodePoint

```go
func (g *G1) EncodePoint(p *PointG1) []byte
```

EncodePoint encodes a point into 128 bytes.

### (p *PointG1) Set

```go
func (p *PointG1) Set(p2 *PointG1) *PointG1
```

Set sets the value of a PointG1 to the value of another PointG1.

### (p *PointG1) Zero

```go
func (p *PointG1) Zero() *PointG1
```

Zero returns a G1 point in point at infinity representation.

## Variables

### q

```go
var q = new(big.Int).Sub(new(big.Int).Lsh(big.NewInt(1), 381), big.NewInt(0x1d5d4ee7cb4b1b34ebeb2fafff0c7634d81f4372ddf581a0db248b0a77aecec))
```

q is a variable that contains the group order in big.Int.

### ErrPointNotOnCurve

```go
var ErrPointNotOnCurve = errors.New("point is not on curve")
```

ErrPointNotOnCurve is an error variable that is returned when a point is not on the curve. # G1 Package Documentation

This package provides functions to perform operations on G1 points.

## Functions

### EncodePoint

```go
func (g *G1) EncodePoint(p *PointG1) []byte
```

EncodePoint encodes a G1 point into a byte slice. It takes a pointer to a PointG1 as input and returns a byte slice.

### New

```go
func (g *G1) New() *PointG1
```

New creates a new G1 Point which is equal to zero, i.e., point at infinity.

### Zero

```go
func (g *G1) Zero() *PointG1
```

Zero returns a new G1 Point which is equal to point at infinity.

### One

```go
func (g *G1) One() *PointG1
```

One returns a new G1 Point which is equal to the generator point.

### IsZero

```go
func (g *G1) IsZero(p *PointG1) bool
```

IsZero returns true if the given point is equal to zero.

### Equal

```go
func (g *G1) Equal(p1, p2 *PointG1) bool
```

Equal checks if the given two G1 points are equal in their affine form.

### InCorrectSubgroup

```go
func (g *G1) InCorrectSubgroup(p *PointG1) bool
```

InCorrectSubgroup checks whether the given point is in the correct subgroup.

### IsOnCurve

```go
func (g *G1) IsOnCurve(p *PointG1) bool
```

IsOnCurve checks if a G1 point is on the curve.

### IsAffine

```go
func (g *G1) IsAffine(p *PointG1) bool
```

IsAffine checks if a G1 point is in affine form.

### Affine

```go
func (g *G1) Affine(p *PointG1) *PointG1
```

Affine calculates the affine form of a given G1 point.

### Add

```go
func (g *G1) Add(r, p1, p2 *PointG1) *PointG1
```

Add adds two G1 points p1, p2 and assigns the result to the point at the first argument.

### Double

```go
func (g *G1) Double(r, p *PointG1) *PointG1
```

Double doubles a G1 point p and assigns the result to the point at the first argument. # G1 Package Documentation

This package provides functions to perform operations on G1 points.

## Functions

### Add

```go
func (g *G1) Add(r, p, q *PointG1) *PointG1
```

Add adds two G1 points p, q and assigns the result to the point at first argument.

### Double

```go
func (g *G1) Double(r, p *PointG1) *PointG1
```

Double doubles a G1 point p and assigns the result to the point at first argument.

### Neg

```go
func (g *G1) Neg(r, p *PointG1) *PointG1
```

Neg negates a G1 point p and assigns the result to the point at first argument.

### Sub

```go
func (g *G1) Sub(c, a, b *PointG1) *PointG1
```

Sub subtracts two G1 points p1, p2 and assigns the result to point at first argument.

### MulScalar

```go
func (g *G1) MulScalar(c, p *PointG1, e *big.Int) *PointG1
```

MulScalar multiplies a point by given scalar value in big.Int and assigns the result to point at first argument.

### ClearCofactor

```go
func (g *G1) ClearCofactor(p *PointG1)
```

ClearCofactor maps given a G1 point to correct subgroup.

### MultiExp

```go
func (g *G1) MultiExp(r *PointG1, points []*PointG1, powers []*big.Int) (*PointG1, error)
```

MultiExp calculates multi exponentiation. Given pairs of G1 point and scalar values (P_0, e_0), (P_1, e_1), ... (P_n, e_n) calculates r = e_0 * P_0 + e_1 * P_1 + ... + e_n * P_n. Length of points and scalars are expected to be equal, otherwise an error is returned. Result is assigned to point at first argument.

### MapToCurve

```go
func (g *G1) MapToCurve(in []byte) (*PointG1, error)
```

MapToCurve given a byte slice returns a valid G1 point. This mapping function implements the Simplified Shallue-van de Woestijne-Ulas method. Input byte slice should be a valid field element, otherwise an error is returned.